Yes is a picture sound channel was then made to launch Rider black song
If you bought 3 pieces of Kurokage trooper Pokoku let's continue opening review
Jami this time because Gris Don same lock vehicle and set race
The Curie porter has also become three, such as delivery box is like this
Looking at the back of the box, the date is yellow
I think a good Hatsuse-chan version and a belt with a silver trooper version
But this time the pet will open in It is prima facie Hatsuse chan version because it is companies
It is brown than I thought Atonanka
Let me see
dare
Yes and it was the black black more than the unsealing
The tip of the huge hobbies Chiba rocky rock peak is great
I feel ish plant something like not come out even something color of your hot water and is Masu shadow
Oh key end Funya Osu Nyan
Well, it's ok and it 's fine and black deer hair
Oh
If you look at this undersuit condition again something is black
It is a little different from the image of the TV after, and surprisingly the face is quite mechanical
And this looks pine cones arm
Big
It is not so good enough than I try to package It looks completely brown when I look at this box
I can see it, but actually it's between gray and brown
It will be the scene of that first appearance when pointing to
Oh yeah
Cool
Yes First of all I tried to immediately pinecones Trooper
This mass production type is good I bought three bodies and it was correct
Because it is the black undersuit that it became a dash at the same time, the black earth arms
I was worried about that it 's such a what about Once you have installed the
You see I made this I black hair that's in
And it's still become cat Ppoku and eyes ยง become two-fold
This seems to be interesting again for the next generation, but for the time being it is naturally from Am's
The following is the Arms
Let 's take a closer look at the video of Kamen Rider Kurokage and Choi Popper of Amp Change.
More than we put in the description link below if you have to
Arms change series-9 Kamen Rider black shadow and opening of the tulip direction percent
I was a leave
Ah ah ah ah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah